OK so we can check more things with promp types.
We have some methods available for this.
I'm going to come in this one the name and I'm going to use it as an example.
What we can do we can check for an array of values.
I'm going to use the name and again to say Dot and then just call the prompt types again.
And the method it's going to be called one off.
Now inside the one off method begin to pass an array.
And what we can do we can specify right here which elements which names we are expecting.
For example I'm going to say Frances and Frances if we see Frances prompts it's going to be good.
If I received James for example it's going to it's going to be good and it's going to pass.
But if we receive something else it's going to fail.
They're going to go to app and I'm going to say Frances so that espousing are going to say James relo
the app and it's going to pass.
And if I say Ron of course is going to fail.
So you know this one it's kind of useful.
I'm just going to go back and say Francis Francis good.
So we have some other useful methods.
Notice that I'm using I'm just commenting the name right here.
If we use two prompt types with the same name you can get it.
And again an error message.
So make sure that you're using one for all.
They're going to come in both of this going to go right here at the bottom.
Well what we can do we can we can have a method that it's kind of a switch.
JSH is going to be called one off type.
What we can do we can check for several rules inside the same prop type and if at least one of them
it's passing everything is going to pass just like a switch.
I'm going to call the name and let me show you a practical example because it's kind of confusing.
It's going to be one of type is the method.
And inside here we have an array of values.
So what we can do right here is we can pass different types going to pass that it should be a string
and we could receive a number as well to something simple.
OK.
So right now is the name you're getting Francis.
This is string.
So it matches this rule.
So it's going to pass.
If I just go back and change Francis and put the number five it's going to pass of course because we
have a number as a rule.
If I go back and use an array it's going to be Frances is not going to pass because we are expecting
a string or a number.
OK that's good.
This one is useful as well.
I going to go back and just set Francis back again so he can pass.
OK.
Now we have one more thing.
We have the array of right here hand hobbies.
We have an array of strings.
What we can do in a beat just come in the Humvee's right here.
What we can do we can check if an array is an array of numbers or an array of strings.
So I'm going to say Harvey's of the go back again hobby's if Javier's is going to be a proper time and
then just check if it's an array of strings or of numbers.
So the method is going to be called Auray off and it's a method.
And inside here we can pass whatever rule one is going to be promp types and we want to check if this
array is an array of strings.
Since it is going to pass I mean if I say number is not going to pass because we have an array of strings.
OK that's good.
Let me just go back so he can it can pass.
I would think I like the error messages.
So OK we have a couple more.
We have the is required let's say that your application is expecting for value and that that prompt
it's really important for your application.
So what you can do you can mark that property that prompts as required.
So I'm going to use the mother example right here for mother to read it and see mother and the mother
is going to be Martha just a name and I'm going to say mother.
And then again called to prop types.
It's going to be promp types and this one is going to be a string of course.
And what we can do we can mark this one as required.
So whenever the application loads and we see the props if this mother it's not there it's going to give
us an error message.
Since we have it it's going to pass.
But if I delete it really does is going to give us an error message is going to say that monitor is
required.
Let's get to.
Let me go back so he can pass.
Right.
OK.
We have one more.
And this one is really really useful.
So sometimes maybe you want to check for some things and other methods that prompt types is going to
give you there are just not suitable for that.
So what you can do.
You can create a custom prompt type are going to use the mother example again.
I'm just going to comment this one out and I'm going to use the mother example.
So with the mother what we can do we can run a function.
So I'm going to say function is here and she's going to open it close.
This function is going to receive three different arguments by default.
The first one is going to be prompts the second one is going to be promp name name.
There we go.
And the third one is going to be a component name.
Right.
So this one I've never used is one that can put a name.
So of course the component name but this ones are the one we care prompts is going to be the key of
the value.
So since we are checking mother prompts it's going to be this is going to be mother.
And then just proper name is going to be the whatever you're getting inside the mother as a value.
So if I went to check for something inside this mother I could check if we are getting a name of that
I don't know Jane.
And if we are not getting Jane we should get an error message.
OK.
Just like with regular jazz I mean to say if and if something happens we get a return true or a returner
or if and if it's false it's going to just return false.
Let's get.
So I'm going to say if prop's which is the name of the key which is mother and value which is a proper
name this is going to be equal to whatever we're getting inside mother in this case we get mother and
Martha.
So this is equal to Martha right now.
So if this value that we are saving it's different for us from something else from Jane for example
we should be throwing an error message.
Now the way to return an error message it's not going to be just return false just like we always do.
We need to do something else.
We're going to return and we can in return a new error.
We just do it like that.
And inside the error we're going to have to add in a message for here just new error.
And for example if I say hey error is going to load the page.
And we're going to get that message.
It's going to be a hey error.
So I got to make something I'm going to put something right here.
That makes sense.
I'm going to use the name and then we can use again template strings.
You can just ESX going to save prompts and the name of the whatever value we are getting which is proper
name.
Remember we have right here if the if this value it's not.
No it's not it's incorrect to say that it's incorrect and then it should be Jane.
So this message kind of makes sense.
Let me just.
So if I just read the application and we get the message because it's not Jane it's going to be Martha.
We get the name Martha is incorrect.
Should be Jane.
So again when they discussed some function you can just create a custom rule and just return whatever
message you want.
All right so you have this or this are just some options you got with prompt types.
You have much more.
We're going to show you right now I'm going to go right here and the I'm going to pass you on your we're
all going to be PM J.S. package and promp types and right here you have the API of promp types and you
can have pretty much the whole list of what you can check and you can have some examples of course.
Well all right.
So this is enough for the promp types topic.
Let's go to the next thing on the list.